Adam Gibson @agibsonccc Sep 09 17:02
FWIW
I crack down on people who don't do research
Scroll up
You'll see where the guy didn't even know what a gpu was or how it worked
You don't need to be humble trust me
Just ask away
I wish we had more people like you frankly
"Help me understand something, I've done some research" isn't "Do it for me lol I don't respect your time"
Ease up a bit :wink:

Clay Graham @claytantor 09:26
Appreciate the sentiment. I attempt to have humility because for much of my life it was missing. It is important to show those, who I am asking help from, to know that I appreciate anything they provide. Hope you understand.
But I also understand that I have to make an investment in understanding. RTFD is an acceptable answer, if the docs actually have the answer of course.

Adam Gibson @agibsonccc 09:26
Well so what are you missing here?
I asked you to look at the source code
not use jackson
I already said we didn't have the arrays stuff you were looking for

Clay Graham @claytantor 09:27
Well I guess I am lazy. :smiling_imp:

Adam Gibson @agibsonccc 09:27
but we implemented it in our to string stuff
Don't dump that on me
If you deviate I have zero mercy for you
That's frankly wasting my time
I gave you that advice because I know what's there

Clay Graham @claytantor 09:28
Of course I am not dumping anything on you sir, sorry if you took offence.

Adam Gibson @agibsonccc 09:28
Well no it just doesn't matter
It wastes both of our time
I'm trying to show you what you want

Clay Graham @claytantor 09:28
I am sorry you feel that way.

Adam Gibson @agibsonccc 09:28
despite not understanding why you even need to do this
So again here's the looping logic
Go here and look through this

Clay Graham @claytantor 09:28
ok. so sorry. I will leave this group then. sorry to offend.

Adam Gibson @agibsonccc 09:29
https://github.com/deeplearning4j/nd4j/blob/master/nd4j-backends/nd4j-api-parent/nd4j-api/src/main/java/org/nd4j/linalg/string/NDArrayStrings.java
You don't need to leave
Just listen to us a bit
I'm just making things abundantly clear where things need to go
We get along fine if you can just cooperate a bit
"Interpret what you said and attempt to do something off" isn't helping anyone :wink:
Look up to you what you decide to do
I know you're learning we all are in some ways

Clay Graham @claytantor 09:46
I am happy to listen, but I have to be honest that telling a potential user that they are wasting your time is not going to work for you as a founder. Its abusive, and will push people away. I am ignorant, so I am going to ask stupid questions. You are going to get way stupider questions than mine and if your reaction is the one you just gave me, I am telling you, its not going to work out well. When you get frustrated with people who are aren't as smart as you, and you will over and over because you are very smart, you will need to see yourself as a servant if you want to be successful.

Adam Gibson @agibsonccc 09:49
Look again - up to you. I've sat for a long time with some people
I grew this to as large as what it is because of how long I sat here
Part of that was convincing people to try something and iterate on it
If you look the conversation afterwards was fairly productive - we talk about trade offs of things
Ive seen nice people and people who treat us like doormats
I have a firm middle ground I take on this nothing more
Up to you if you want to try again - all I ask is you give the approaches we give you a try

Adam Gibson @agibsonccc 09:54
It'll focus things on being productive. There's a lot of rabbit holes to go down
